# GitHub-TryExcept
Exercise for GEOG 728 Programming for Geographic Analysis at Kansas State University

### Instructions:

Accept the GitHub Classroom assignment <code>GitHub-TryExcept</code> and clone the new repository as a local personal repository.  Uncompress the provided ZIP file to access the ArcGIS Pro project file in your local repository workspace.  The only file which needs to be pushed to origin at the conclusion of the exercise is a single Python script.  Should you encounter difficulties during the week, seek assistance by posting an issue in GitHub.

### Task:

Edit the provided Python file called <code>GitHub-TryExcept.py</code> to create a stand-alone script based on your previous work submitted for <code>GitHub-VariablesDescribe</code>.  Your revised script should also accomplish the following objectives and/or include these specific features:

1. This version of your script cannot include the geoprocessing function <code>SelectLayerByAttribute</code>.  Find another GP function that allows you to query for a specific feature and produces an output file rather than "virtual" output requiring use of a result object in your code.
2. Uses only 3 local variables – input feature, clip feature, and output table – each of which is defined via user input via the Python <code>input()</code> function.
3. Prints the messages generated by each geoprocessing tool.
4. Nests an if-else statement inside a try-except block:
     * The if-else statement should check for appropriate licensing level – assume "arcinfo" is required even if it is not.
     * The try-except block should trap any geoprocessing errors using the <code>ExecuteError</code> class and print any level 2 severity message (using the Python <code>format()</code> function).
5. Cleans up all intermediate data with a for loop.

## Rubric:

Review the assignment rubric available on Canvas for additional details on how your work will be assessed. Double-check that your script includes a complete header section, uses good commenting, incorporates line spaces between blocks of code, reads input and writes output to current workspace, and allows for existing files to be overwritten.

## Submission:

Commit your code changes for <code>GitHub-TryExcept.py</code> to your assignment repository on GitHub.
